# v1.1.0 Release Candidate

## Introduction
This proposal seeks approval for the v1.1.0 release candidate to be published as the last in the v1.x.z family. Its primary focus is centered around two new features, "antehandler burn tax split" & "burn tax whitelist", to ensure that we do not re-mint "manual burns" and provide a way for Binance to avoid the application of a "burn tax" when transacting between addresses contained in the list. It is our aim to make the "burn tax whitelist" managable via a governance parameter which will initially be seeded with the Binance wallet addresses, however the community can submit parameter change proposals if they should wish to change the contents of the list, thus avoiding having to release new client binaries if changes are to be made to the "burn tax whitelist".

## Ammendments
The current proposal consists of two ammendments, one which seeks approval to include the "burn tax whitelist" code and another that seeks approval to make the v1.1.0 release candidate available for download.

### Ammendment 1/3
Approve the release of https://github.com/classic-terra/core/commit/aad3987fff39f378d4b4f541f31f1ed9cecc578e into mainnet as part of v1.1.0.

### Ammendment 2/3
Upgrade to ibc-go v1.3.1. (Note: Our long term target for the 2.x family line is v3.x.y)

### Ammendment 3/3
Approve the release of v1.1.0 into mainnet.

## Acceptance Criteria
v1.1.0 is released and deployed to mainnet.

## Summary
To summarize we seek to ensure all governance approvals are in place for essential features before the release of v1.1.0. 

### Consequnce of a YES vote
If the vote results in a YES, we will work towards producing the v1.1.0 release candidate and helping the validators deploy it to mainnet.

### Consequnce of a NO vote
If the vote results in a NO, we will be forced to rework the proposal and reengage in governance dialog in order to secure a path towards the v1.1.0 release.
