### Release v2.0.1 of `terrad`

The v2.0.1 binary of terrad is released and it's time to vote on proposal 11511. The proposal suggests a coordinated chain halt block height at 12815210 to swap to the new binary and restart the chain with the following features:

- Cosmos SDK v0.45.13
- Tendermint v0.34.24
- Parameter-Change capable Min. Initial Deposit Paramater
- Cherry patch for Security relevant vulnerability

Please note, that the proposed release can be watched here:

https://github.com/classic-terra/core/releases/tag/v2.0.1

The recommended sequence of commands to download and install terrad is the following

```bash
    git clone https://github.com/classic-terra/core core-v2.0.1
    cd core-v2.0.1
    git fetch --tags --force
    git checkout tags/v2.0.1
    make build && make install
```
*IMPORTANT*: Please make sure to have the `git fetch --tags --force` included in your series of commands. *Especially* when you work on a repository that was already cloned. It will ensure that all locally stored tags are overwritten by the upstream tags.

Check the version of the installed binary:

```bash
terrad version
```

This should output `v2.0.1`

### Mantlemint

If you are an infrastructure provider, then there is some more work to do for you: Upon upgrade block height mantlemint is going to exit gracefully. The L1 team also modified the mantlemint binary to align with the changes in the core layer. Please use the following recommended installation procedure to upgrade:

```bash
    git clone https://github.com/classic-terra/mantlemint mantlemint-v2.0.1
    cd mantlemint-v2.0.1
    git checkout f96cbd254548e02b3c26b20af56893499fccc002
    make build && make install
```

**IMPORTANT:** The proposal states 17th of May 14:00 UTC as the time at which the proposed block height is processed. Unfortunately I did a time-zone related mistake while doing manual calculations. The proposed block height is processed at 17th of May 16:00 UTC.

Please upvote this post with a thumbs-up if you - as a validator - will be able to be online and perform the upgrade at the proposed upgrade time so that we can reach > 66,6% voting power as quickly as possible. Please downvote this post with a thumbs-down if you won't be able to attend the upgrade.

Happy upgrading 🙂
