# Upgrade Instructions for `v2.1.0`

Version `2.1.0` of terrad is [here](). In case proposal [11561](https://station.terra.money/proposal/columbus-5/11561) passes the chain will be halted at block height `13215800` (estimate on 14th of June around 13:00 UTC). Validators are then asked to isntall the v2.1.0 of the `terrad` binary, which contains the `v4` upgrade handler. This restarts the chain and brings Terra Classic to parity with the Cosmos Ecosystem.

## What is The Upgrade Handler Going to Do?

From a technical perspective this upgrade is going to remove the legacy wasm module of Terra Classic (a.k.a `x/wasm`) and replace it with a more common implementation amongst other Cosmos chains (a.k.a `wasmd`). For this to happen the chain needs a database migration of smart contract and code annotations. The code itself and the kv-stores of the contracts are not touched during this process. The upgrade handler is going to:

- set the `wasmd` module parameters
- migrate code annotations from `x/wasm` -> `wasmd`
- migrate smart contract annotations from `x/wasm` -> `wasmd`

Additionally we will see the handler to:

- set min. delegation commission for every validator = 5%
- set max. delegation commission for every validator = 5% (in case it was lower than 5% prior to the upgrade)
- perform additional migrations coming from upstream

The state of the wasm module is exceptionally big. Therefore the wasm migration might take a while. We put corresponding log statements into the code, so validators can be sure that the migration is indeed ongoing. Please, be patient!

## Install Instructions

The recommended way to install `terrad` is via building from source. If you are a validator, please use the following steps:

```
$ https://github.com/classic-terra/core
$ cd core
$ git checkout tags/v2.1.0
$ make build && make install
```

Verify your installation:

```
$ terrad version
2.1.0
```

If you already have a git clone of the classic-terra repository then please make sure to run the below given command inside your copy of the repo:

```
git fetch --tags --force
```

## Adjustment of `app.toml`

Before you restart `terrad` make sure to make the following adjustments to your configuration, becasue the `wasm` default config needs to be tweaked. Open up `.terra/config/app.toml` with your favorite text editor and search for the following config section in:

```
[wasm]
# The maximum gas amount can be spent for contract query.
# The contract query will invoke contract execution vm,
# so we need to restrict the max usage to prevent DoS attack
contract-query-gas-limit = "3000000"

# The flag to specify whether print contract logs or not
contract-debug-mode = "false"

# The WASM VM memory cache size in MiB not bytes
contract-memory-cache-size = "100"
```

This section should be located pretty much at the bottom. Replace this snipped by the following config section:

```
###############################################################################
###                                  WASM                                   ###
###############################################################################

[wasm]
# Smart query gas limit is the max gas to be used in a smart query contract call
query_gas_limit = 3000000

# in-memory cache for Wasm contracts. Set to 0 to disable.
# The value is in MiB not bytes
memory_cache_size = 100

# Simulation gas limit is the max gas to be used in a tx simulation call.
# When not set the consensus max block gas is used instead
# simulation_gas_limit =
```

## Infrastructure Providers

Providers of public Terra Classic endpoints will need to update Mantlemint to the current version:

```
$ https://github.com/classic-terra/mantlemint
$ cd mantlemint
$ git checkout tags/v2.1.0
$ make build && make install
```

Please, be sure to override any local tags as well:

```
git fetch --tags --force
```

## Closing Comments

This is the long-awaited parity upgrade. Would be nice to have a "parity party" after this upgrade ;)

In any case: Happy upgrading!
